STAR-144 DataGrid stories, specs, readme ... (#416)
acl-services/paprika: packages/DataGrid/stories/DataGrid.mdx

In the following example, when the cell has the letter 'o', then we add a blue background to the cell.

```js

const style = {
  background: `${row.myColum2.includes("o") ? '#cce5fd' : "transparent"}`
}

<DataGrid data={data}>
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Column 1" cell="myColum1" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Column 2"
    cell={
      ({row}) => (row.myColum2 === "hi") ? `👋 ${row.myColum2}` : row.myColum2
    }
    cellProps={({ row }) => ({ style })
  }
  />
</DataGrid>
```

#### Result

<DataGrid
  data={[{ myColum1: 1, myColum2: "hi" }, { myColum1: 2, myColum2: "hello" }, { myColum1: 3, myColum2: "hola" }]}
>
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Column 1" cell="myColum1" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition
    header="Column 2"
    cell={({ row }) => (row.myColum2 === "hi" ? `👋 ${row.myColum2}` : row.myColum2)}
    cellProps={({ row }) => ({
      style: {
        background: `${row.myColum2.includes("o") ? "#cce5fd" : "transparent"}`,
      },
    })}
  />
</DataGrid>

<br />
<Toast kind="info" hasCloseButton={false}> Tip: `cell` and `cellProps` are functions that could be memoized</Toast>

### Sticky headers

> By default all our header are sticky and mandatory, so you will have this feature enable, without doing anything, enjoy it 😄.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the table headers are sticky and required.
```

### Sticky columns

1. Add the `isSticky` prop to the `<DataGrid.ColumnDefinition/>`

> 2. Make sure the `isSticky` columns are grouped together before the columns that are not sticky. This prevents issues with keyboard navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure the `isSticky` columns are grouped together before the columns that are not sticky. This will prevent issues with keyboard navigation.
```

  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Countries" cell="country" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Goals" cell="goals" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Status" cell="status" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Status 2" cell="status" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Description" cell="description" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Status 3" cell="status" />
</DataGrid>
<br />
<Toast kind="info" hasCloseButton={false}>
  Tip: You can use React.useCallback() in case you need to memonize your custom column
</Toast>

### Result

<DataGrid data={fixtures(2)} width={680}>
  {React.useCallback(
    (() => {
      return (
        <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition
          onClick={({ row, rowIndex }) => {
            alert(row.name);
          }}
          header="alert"
          cell={() => "click me"}
        />
      );
    })(),
    []
  )}
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Name" cell="name" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Countries" cell="country" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Goals" cell="goals" />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="Status" cell="status" />
</DataGrid>

## Load more

> There are two patterns to load more data shipped with this component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two patterns to load more data:
```

1. Using a load more button
2. Infinite scrolling

> Use the `<DataGrid.Basement>` component which lets you know if the scrollbar reaches the bottom of the table viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<DataGrid.Basement>` component lets you know if the scrollbar reaches the bottom of the table.
```

```js
<DataGrid data={data}>
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="..." cell="..." />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="..." cell="..." />
  <DataGrid.Basement>{/* your content or load more button goes here */}</DataGrid.Basement>
</DataGrid>
```

## Load more example with Marvel API

<Marvel />

### Infinity Scroll

> Use the `<DataGrid.InfinityScroll />` component to accomplish the infinity scroll pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `<DataGrid.InfinityScroll />` component to accomplish the infinite scroll pattern.
```

Provide a callback funtion to the `onReach` prop and the number of rows to offset to `rowsOffset` prop.

The callback will be executed right before the scroll hits the rows offset number.

```js
<DataGrid data={data}>
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="..." cell="..." />
  <DataGrid.ColumnDefinition header="..." cell="..." />
  <DataGrid.InfinityScroll rowsOffset={80} onReached={() => {
    /* you can request more data */
  })} />
</DataGrid>
```

#### Elaborated example

Use the `↑`, `↓` keys or scroll to the bottom of the table to load more rows automatically.

<Stress overrideWidth={680} numberOfColumns={15} rowsOffset={120} />

### Extra examples

#### Collapsible DataGrid

<Collapsible />

## FAQ

**Should I use the DataGrid for all my Table problems?**

The DataGrid is a flexible component which might be sufficient for a lot of scenarios

> where showing Tabular Data is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where showing tabular data is required.
```

Saying that, there are some limitations with the DataGrid. The DataGrid is not meant to
be a spreadsheet. It doesn't react well to dynamic content like a normal
HTML Table would do, so for these kind of scenarios it is better to find an alternative.

If you have any doubts, feel free to ask a ux developer or contact us on our Galvaize's slack channel #paprika.

**Performance issues within my DataGrid, how do I fix them?**

While the DataGrid has been designed to render a lot of information, its performance can be affected by multiple reasons:

1. Number of rows and cells rendered on the DataGrid in full screen.
2. Number of screens connected to your computer.
3. Scrolling by a mouse wheel instead a magic pad.

> 4. The browsers some are better than others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Some browsers may perform better than others
```

5. The UI and what you are rendering.

To mitigate some of these problems you could use `React.Memo` or `memoize` your components. Another way is to
use [workerize](https://github.com/developit/workerize) to process complex logic, without blocking the main thread.

> **Sticky headers and columns on my DataGris are not in sync while scrolling.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Sticky headers and columns on my DataGrids are not in sync while scrolling.**
```
